chore(manifest): move more validation from template pkg (#2878)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/manifest/worker-service.en.md

<span class="parent-field">topic.</span><a id="topic-service" href="#topic-service" class="field">`service`</a> <span class="type">String</span>
Required. The service this SNS topic is exposed by. Together with the topic name, this uniquely identifies an SNS topic in the copilot environment.

<span class="parent-field">topic.</span><a id="topic-queue" href="#topic-queue" class="field">`queue`</a> <span class="type">Boolean or Map</span>

> Optional. Define SQS queue for the topic. If specified as a boolean, only default queue configuration will be used. Specify this field as a map for more customization of this topic-specific queue.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
Optional. Specify SQS queue configuration for the topic. If specified as `true`, the queue will be created  with default configuration. Specify this field as a map for customization of certain attributes for this topic-specific queue.
```
